TARDIS SETUP — KEEP THIS GUIDE WITH THE USB

BEFORE INSTALLING
Use the computer's installed Linux. Complete AMD's welcome screens and updates.
Run bash INSTALL.sh as your normal Linux user. Do not start it with sudo.
Internet is required for packages and account sign-ins. The USB is not an OS installer.

IF INSTALLATION STOPS
Read the final message. The installer keeps a private log in
~/.local/share/tardis-setup/. Fix the reported network, sign-in or storage issue,
then run the same installer again. Do not delete your app or configuration folders.

IF SERVICES ARE ALREADY RUNNING
Do not stop or restart while agents or content jobs are working.
If you are only finishing sign-ins, open Finish TARDIS Setup instead of reinstalling.
For an attended update: finish all work first, check /api/health has busyTurns: 0
and Content has no queued/running jobs, then run:
  systemctl --user stop tardis rallypoint-engine rallypoint-scan
  bash INSTALL.sh
The installer refuses older or divergent versions and preserves existing data.
Keep this USB for the initial version; use a newly prepared kit for future updates.

IF TARDIS DOES NOT OPEN
Open TARDIS Help from Applications. Check the three service states.
It can show private logs without restarting anything.
For terminal inspection:
  systemctl --user status tardis rallypoint-engine rallypoint-scan
  journalctl --user -u tardis -u rallypoint-engine -u rallypoint-scan -n 80
Do not send raw logs without checking for private details. Prefer the safe report
from Start here > Get help, which contains connection status only.

CONTENT CONNECTIONS
Claude/Codex/Grok sign-ins are personal to this computer. Test a writer in Start here.
Brand guides and examples are bundled. Drafts and research use the shared brand database.
Gmail/Slack/office memory use the separate office MCP. Connecting GHL in Integrations
does not configure a blog publishing destination; use Content > Connections for that.
Ayrshare needs its administrator key/profile setup before social sign-ins.
Google OAuth needs a web application/client configured before Gmail sign-in.
Automatic images and generated video require separately billed providers.
Upload your own images in Content; the publishing links are public. Footage upload
stores a private original in the local workspace for Video Editor. Larger clips can
be copied to that workspace directly. Do not move confidential footage into a public bucket.

FIRST CONTENT CHECK
Use Start here to select a researched idea or your own sourced brief. Generate a blog
and social pack, edit each, preview and approve. When all work is idle, reboot and
return to the walkthrough. It checks saved draft revisions and approval state.
For an uncertain publishing result, inspect the real destination before retrying.
The installer does not publish a test post or enable daily drafting automatically.

REMOTE SUPPORT
Use your own Tailscale account and separate tailnet. Share only this workstation
with your support person. Enable support in TARDIS Remote Support after checking
the displayed details. Pause support to stop access; revoke the machine share to
remove the relationship. The supplied SSH key is public, not a login credential.

BACKUP
The shared database stores content; conversations, subscriptions, agent settings,
original footage and local configuration live on this computer. This USB is an
installer, not a backup. Keep the computer's normal encrypted backup enabled and
include ~/.rivendell, ~/.config/tardis, ~/.rallypoint and ~/ASSISTANT-HUB.
Treat any backup containing those folders as private and credential-bearing.
